A: Hey B, do you have any future career plans? If so, where do you plan to study?
B: I want to study economics at foreign trade university, but you know what? I don't have too much information about this school, so I feel like a lot of things are vague
A: Oh well, let's try FTU's consulting day. Let's learn about the school.
B: Hello, can you give us some more information about the school?
D: Yes, the school is also briefly known as Foreign Trade, is a Vietnamese public university, headquartered at 91 Chua Lang street, Dong Da district, Hanoi capital.
E: The school was born in 1960. Currently, the school has 2 branches: in Ho Chi Minh City and in Quang Ninh province. The school is one of the top universities in the country in economic training with the main major being Foreign Economics.
B: Oh that's great, can you tell me the popular majors at your school and share some things about tuition fees?
C: This is a very good and interesting question. At FTU we have 4 currently very hot majors, which are international economics, foreign economics and international business. And just recently, in 2020, there was the addition of Logistics and supply chain industry
D: Tuition is not too expensive, the expected tuition for the 2023 - 2024 school year for the mass program is 22 million VND/student/year. Tuition for the High Quality program is expected to be 45 million VND/year. Tuition for the advanced program is expected to be 70 million VND/year.
A: So does the school have scholarships or anything?
E: Of course there is, at FTU the scholarships are divided into 2 parts: the incentive scholarships for studying (there will be different incentive levels depending on whether your studying ability meets them or not). .) and private scholarships
A: How great? I want to study foreign economics, but I'm not sure if I'm suitable or not? As well as the admission method, there are still many vague points
D: Don't worry too much, the admission methods at FTU are very diverse, you can refer to them. The school has 6 admission methods suitable for every student's choice. The average entrance exam score is not too high and especially the school's employment rate is over 95%.
B: Isn't that great? What about amenities and facilities of the school?
C: Currently, the school has 16 faculties and institutes, training 12 majors with 3 campuses across the country. In addition to investing in quality teaching and extracurricular activities, the school also has 40 different clubs that help students become dynamic and talented, and can take on many different job positions when they graduate! In addition, the school also has dormitory facilities and many other amenities to support students far from home
A: Oh thank you guys, thanks to today's consultation I learned a lot more
B: Thank you
C & D & E: Thank you both for coming to today's consultation, here is a gift for you two
A: Thank you and goodbye